Using EUI strictly as Dev dependency (#2)
markov00/elastic-charts: wiki/consuming.md

You need to import a CSS style, related to the theme you are using. You can use Webpack or another bundler to import the compiled CSS style with the `style`,`css`, and `postcss` loaders.

```js
import '@elastic/charts/dist/theme_light.css';
// or
import '@elastic/charts/dist/theme_dark.css';
```

> If using Elastic Charts as a standalone app, you will also want to include the reset CSS file **before** the theme file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using Elastic Charts in a project that does not also use [EUI](https://github.com/elastic/eui), you will also want to include an additional reset CSS file **before** the theme file. If the project is already using EUI (like Kibana) then this step is not necessary.
```

Some clarity.

```js
import '@elastic/charts/dist/reset_light.css';
// or
import '@elastic/charts/dist/reset_dark.css';
```

> If using Elastic Charts in the same project with EUI, you can import the SASS files instead. Just be sure to import Elastic Charts **after** EUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using Elastic Charts in the same project that is already compiling EUI's Sass (like Kibana), you can import the SASS files directly instead of using the CSS. Just be sure to import Elastic Charts Sass files **after** EUI.
```
